feat: basic cookiecutter template (#27)
fulcrumgenomics/python-snakemake-template: README.md

# Snakemake Project Template

This repository provides a template for a Fulcrum Genomics [Snakemake](https://snakemake.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) project with optional supporting [Python toolkit](https://github.com/fulcrumgenomics/python-template).

## Creating a Snakemake Project

Install [`cookiecutter`](https://cookiecutter.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) and run a command like:

```console
❯ cookiecutter git@github.com:fulcrumgenomics/python-snakemake-template.git --output-dir ~/git/
  [1/5] A GitHub handle as CODEOWNER (e.g. '@example'):
  [2/5] Python package name for your project (e.g. 'fgpyo'):
  [3/5] GitHub organization to host your project (fulcrumgenomics):

>   [4/5] Describe this project with a period-terminated sentence (...):
>   [5/5] Select license
>     1 - Proprietary
>     2 - MIT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [4/5] Describe your project with a period-terminated sentence (...):
  [5/5] Select license
    1 - Proprietary (No LICENSE)
    2 - MIT
```

Reviewer: I actually see the verbiage here doesn't match the cookiecutter json below - the README might need to be updated
